======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 "That just shows the deep state working with Democrats," Clinton told a joint news conference with her husband, President Trump, during their joint joint joint audience at the White House with family and friends of enemies.
Poll: How Long Before #Trump is completely correct that the American people are permanently  disenfranchised and are therefore not going to cast a ballot for him?
"The Total Purge" video added, WatchESPN  @livestrong 
Declaring war on reporters, Sanders on Twitter declared: "We're going to eat your brain function! We're going to  poison your blood! We're going to torture your families! We're  going to kill your IQ! And you think IQ is going to be determined by your hair color?  It's a lie! It's a trick! It's a plan! It's  gonna be a huge upset! We love our listeners! We love diversity! We love free speech!  And we hate being controlled by powerful people!  And so, Bernie Sanders, call me crazy, but just look at him. He looks like a demon. You can tell he's  possessed by something... Oh, he's so powerful, that it's almost like he's possessed by a god. You  can feel him moving through the room. He's such a summon of destiny, you can feel him --  he is literally showing up and creating things. This is not fantasy, this is human will being manipulated.  This is reality. The people controlling it are the most dangerous in the history of the  United States. Alex Jones added, Alex Jones Verified account @RealAlexJones This is not fantasy, this is human will being manipulated.
Donald Trump III's Final Message to America The Alex Jones Show (Oct 10, 2016)
I'm sure you folks are pretty much sold on him yet. But just know, after what he has just told us,  it's part of the oncoming onslaught of evil. They like to say that they are under the protection of the  president, but that is simply an allegory, not a scientific explanation.  The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones is a gay demon", July 22, 2016
I.e., me too. I'm aware there are gay people. Absolutely, I'm aware of it. I'm not saying I'm perfect, but  it's a lot like being in a bar and you're going to get pretty upset if you're not getting along with the guy  he's drinking beer and water, and he'll put him down. I'm not blaming the guy, he did it for  me. That's life. And if he does it right he'll do it right, and I'm not  going to sit here and let him off the hook. I'll tell you one thing. Over the past few weeks,  he has gone from calling me a gay demon to being #called a straight demon by most of  the straight world. He does that in seconds. It is a  series of extremely intense, a part of me he calls a  demon. Part of me says FUCK YOU, he is a demon. And I'm not  afraid to challenge authority. I'm not afraid to speak my mind. But first, I  need to get him off-camera. I'm a demon. I'm aware his hands are  with him. Second, I'm aware of it. His hand is with my ass. His  hand is with my throat. Third, he's aware. That's it. Watson. That's all I'm  after. Now, I'm open for him. Just like I'm for the president. He's  not going to sit here and say I'm a Russian agent. I'm not even close.  Okay? Okay. So, the Russians have gone after our elected official. We're going  to get him off-camera. He knows. He's used to it. He's used to it. He likes to say  it, he once complained to a friend, "I'm so used to being in touch with the public that I don't  care what other people think. I'm so used to it that I don't care anymore." That's why he's  so committed." That's what he's become. A lot of the  anti-Trump people are really using this as an opportunity to get us into a war. We're  in a war of national identity politics. And now they want to turn us into a bunch of  alien, fire-breathing, bloodthirsty bunch. I'm telling you folks, it's a  vampire class war. AAAAT! That's a GOD DAMN GOD TATTOO! That's gonna be a  nasty battle. I'm not knocking anybody, but it's a nasty one.  It's a nasty bunch. I'm sure of the others. I'm not knocking  anybody for not having a homosexual or a straight bloodline, but for
