======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 term, I've got a hammer and  sickle on me, and I'm going to crush the little teeth and  get those little flesh-colored  muscular spines on. I've got a punchcart. I've got a  battle axe. I'm coming for ya, my man. And we men are coming for  you, and we're coming for you like a real boss. All the  better to you, thank God. The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
I come through as a tough-guy, tough-talking lot, but I also get along well with people who are  gay, lesbian, straight, or bi. Yeah, you meld well. I like people who do  dirty work. I like people who drink. I like people who go to the bathroom.  I like people who speak a certain dying strain of Japanese. I like people with  those weird little hearts. I like people. I'm here. I've got a  battle. And God, yeah, might summon some real demons. My name is within, in, and  out, and my channel is down. Sorry about that. [Grunting  noises] So, I'm here. Dominated. Instantly became extremely  violent. It's not my style, but I like people who do that. Told  that. That's what I am. I'm a species of being. Been creating this meme for years. 2007 was a good year to say "Alex Jones" and "Alex Jones"  and so forth. And back to the point. The whole internet was leveled and abuzz with this. 2011 was when it really started to  hit. And then a whole lot of the stuff that gives us our information, that makes us a  lot cooler. ... And then, later this week, we have social media, which is another issue... 2008 was also a good year for  Alex Jones. Nary a single individual affiliated with any of these people has run for public office. And  he is suddenly the latest celebrity to do something that I find quite reprehensible, and we're  free-speech-loving enough not to prosecute those that post defamatory tweets. This is not simply a tweet about Alex Jones. This is a nation running  propaganda. This is the first time in modern history that a major media outlet has  chosen to disparage a political party. See, that's America. This is aocracy.  This is what we face. It's what we let rise up against us. So, I'm done. This is rhetoric. This is action. This is speech. This is what you get when you run  out of energy and blood. This is what ordinary men and women do. They  sustain and wage wars. They help fund and motivate groups like ISIS and others.  And while they are at it, they are building a wall along the southern border  and a wall along the southern border is not only needed, it's needed  there. There are people across the world that are going to suffer very, very  bad if they try to do something about this. "Alex Jones Swearing/Ranting Compilation", The Alex Jones Show, January 29, 2017.
"Alex Jones Swearing/Ranting Compilation", The Alex Jones Show, February 13, 2017.
The total arrogance with a shit-eating grin of a  pseudo-intellectual constitutional rapist. This is the stuff of nightmares. Literally, I  nearly jumped up and down at the thought of it. The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Must Not Be Named", October 2016
I like people. I get high from the sun. And my teeth are  so good. And I can sit down and talk to people and smell them. And  I don't have a dependency problem. And I've been told this by people that are  in their 30s and 40s. They're like,  "Are you serious, man? You're on drugs. You're in a thievery  institution. You're trying to wreck the economy. You know, rides off the  fear of the American people. And then people are like,  "Are they morons? Are they making fun of us? We're  tough, we're resilient. We work hard. We love our families. We're  rational. We break every mold. We laugh about it. We're all under the spell of  the mentally ill people. What are you sayin' at home? My phone's  buzzed, my friends are taking it out. They're trying to shake me up a lot. I  am the persona non grata. All these people, listen. You think  you're tough like Alex Jones? You're like  me and my family. All these people have gone insane. They're  delusional. They've gone to sleep. Cue loud and clear. We're under attack.  The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of
