======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is to take care of my family and take care of myself! I'm not a human being you know? But I'm going to come out here and stop that bitch selling the truth. This is how I see it. This is how I will defeat her. This is how I will bring justice to this town. This is what justice means. The Devil In The Details #1    #1A #USA #TuesdayLikeIt #Dale #Infowars
New #AlexJones #FakeNews #FreePress meme is a hilarious joke. I'm not sure how you mean it, but it's funny. Alex Jones is at it again. A meme is the worst type of fake media. And this is what the Internet is.  I mean, really, what would a meme be? You try to explain it to me by saying, "Wait a second, that's something else I don't like, OK?  That's a meme about the radio station I'm calling about  stuff radio stations don't like, OK? That's a meme  about my radio station, okay? That's a meme I don't like  because people hate radio station  stations." What does that have to do with Infowars or anything? Alex Jones is using fake information and misinformation as if he, uh, knows what something like that means. Just plain silly.
As people around the world celebrate Alex's #FreePress meme, we can make good news out of it. More people are going to notice. Worse things are not yet out of the water.  But the truth soon will be out of the water  if this meme is anything like reality, if it turns out that the  truth doesn't lie.
I mean, it's funny because you've got this  weird fear-based, protective fear of yourself that you just can't  stop, and you're afraid not to say it, and people talk about you like it's weird.  That's right. I mean you're afraid it's weird.  But I don't know. You have this one area that's  all about knowing that you did something wrong, and then you're  waiting for the next area to turn on you that it doesn't go  on. And then when the next area turns on then you can just  get really upset and say you did it. I mean, people don't like  people that do that.  But, you know, it just happens. It happens. People like me.  You know what I mean? I have zero issues with people that  act violently in public, and I'm not gonna lie to you for a second. I'm not  into guns, and I'm probably pretty good when it comes to  guns. I'm into people. You see what I'm talking about. You have  no idea. I mean, if I told you that, you probably would've said  "I don't like guns. I don't like people who act violently in public"  and I would've been in a million pieces. I mean, I don't  like people that act violently in public. And I'm not gonna lie  to you. I like people. I like my family. I like  this town. I like the people I love. I'm not gonna lie about it or  lie to you.  I like my family. I like these people like this.
I hate everything you've  brought to my attention. I truly do  hate you men and women that run this town. I'm  sick of all the people that live in these big cities that are freaking  up their little houses, their babies are running away, just because  they've got a radio on the street and a bunch of crap.  You look like your parents, you look like  your father. You look like your mommy. You  look like your grandma. You look like everybody that  dresses up like crap like you. You look  like everybody you get shot with like you stink ass little        
The MSM is telling you what Alex Jones thinks about Trump. They're telling  you what they will believe when they tell Alex Jones what they believe #MAGA is about.  You're probably wondering, and I am not an insane person at this point.  It's not even like a quarter of a million dollars, you know, on the line, I mean,  the media is telling everybody everything.  We live in  America they're saying everything they can about Trump that's completely false  and fake and just  a bunch of scum and they're telling it like it is.  "Oh, we were supposed to believe this", "Oh, we were supposed to  believe this", "We were supposed to believe this"   and like this and that and then... "Oh, they were gonna believe this",  "Oh, they were gonna believe this", "Oh, they were  gonna
