======== SAMPLE 1 ========
? To put it in a word, something literal. To put it in a way, it's got a  tongue. And the mane is making him flinch a little bit, because he knows this. That's why you need  to have that spiritual intelligence to recognize when something's not right with you and  ignore it  - and ask yourself the same question over and over again. What do I do now? I  am called a hoebag, a fraud, a  piece of garbage, and I'm coming round again. I'm a human. I  am free. I'm not a worm. I'm not going to have one wing. I  am holograms of myself, standing here now, with my right hand on my  left knee, and my lefty looking down on me, and my  teeth are chipped, and I'm trying to think clearly, and I  are being told I'm a hack. a traitor. And I'm not  going to have a family anymore, and I'm not going to have a wife, and I  am in love with a degenerate degenerate slug. And it looks like something  is going on, and I'm thinking about how I'm going to defend  myself, and how I'm not thinking about how I'm going to defend my  DNA. Excuse me. I'm getting the picture. I'm thinking,  thinking, going "got it. I'm ready to kill." "RAW MATTHEWS", in graphic, racist, homophobic, transphobic, xenophobic, and partaking in gang   
The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones is a human", July 22, 2016
It's the same story, over and over. Every time  it hits home, it's because I've been exposed to a different  culture. I can smell different smells in different people's  faces, they know what they're doing, and they're trying  to control me. That's why I work with so many dark, twisted,  against-icons, and they're so motivated by their hatred for  humanity that they want to control every aspect of my body and  every aspect of my spirit. I have a stinking mouth and a stinking brain. "Alex Jones is a human", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Destroys Bill O'Reilly For Demonizing The 2nd Amendment", June 22, 2016.
Donald Trump shit his fucking pants at the fucking moment of  truth and shit all over everybody. That shit is coming. That  is, I wanna get the fucking media and the Republicans lying. I wanna get the fucking MSM lying. I wanna get Bernie  lying. Fuck him. Fuck he. This is our moment. Let's just  just get the fuck out of here. This is ridiculous. This is the beginning of the end for  the Deep State. They have declared war on the first amendment. They have  declared war on the First Amendment. We are under attack. They have been pushing us for so long  that we are being called a bunch of crazy, demonic demons. The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Destroys Bill O'Reilly For Demonizing The 2nd Amendment", June 22, 2016.
Okay. this explanation is getting long. I'm done. I’m  not into weirdos, I'm into people. More importantly, we're into people. They’re  going to eat your soul. I'm not into people. Okay. More importantly, we’re into  people. We’re into people. We’re  getting closer and closer to killing demon #2147 #infowars. Alex Jones Clip Compilation, November 23, 2016
Fuck you, crazies. Fuck you. The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Destroys Sarah Jeong", October 2016
Jeong's comment to Ocasio Cortez on "The Joe Rogan Experience" is a powerful reminder that the illegal alien surge that is #3DGangazi  isn’t about to expire. It is, and the United States is  going to be a powerful ally in that fight. It is, and the  United States is going to be—it is what they are, and they are rising. It is, and  they are waking the world up. It is what they imagined they  would become, and it is what they are—they are becoming more popular  than any of the previous coalitionaries. They are becoming  a lot more popular than the first two or three times in their history. And  they are rising again, and they are becoming more popular than any of  the previous political parties. So, grab  that  grab! Don't hold your breath! Don’t miss the catch!  #AlexJonesShow #infowars #1A #USA  #FridayFeeling #
