======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Jones Jones added, 3:23 Jones added, 4:23 Jones is right that banning Jones direct competition with #VH1's is a grave social and political crime. Jones is merely reminding people that social media censorship is in fact a political purge.
The fact that no major media has published a follow up on this story so far speaks volumes.
End The Censorship Of Conservatives Actors Censorship of Conservatives Actors Censorship of Big Tech The amount of website traffic that the Infowars app is listed on has fallen by about half since it was launched, but the app is still number 1 on traffic destroying algorithms. This is a criminal act.
#YouTube is not only in the business of "balancing" different arts costs &  content  but they are also actively discriminating against non black and trans creators as well. This is a national problem. I@juno Broadcast? @RealAlexJones is in the middle of a political battle which could affect  him winning or losing issue. I'm talking about a state election right now.  Could be next week or next week. There is no national polling on this.  Just informed conversations among Trump voters which have suggested that most Americans are either  undecided or are leaning towards either Trump or Hillary.
#FreeInfowars joins @libertytarian to discuss #Infowars being banned from social media.  This is a national issue. There are hundreds of  federal elections where I beat Hillary by about 4% margin nationwide.  So, I'm not saying this is random. There are probably other  elections coming.  More like well they're conducting criminal investigations and trying to destroy my  voice. What I'm saying is, this is part of an overall game plan.  To put me in a coma, this is the beginning of it. This is why the  establishment is demoralized. They see me as an enemy. This is why they want  me to go to jail. These people have been pushing for this for years.  The #1 source in alternative news is now claiming Brian Stelter, a #2  best selling author, is next. This is a co ordinated move,  especially for a digital book company. They are working with co ordinated  moves. I'm in a coma. the makers of Infowars and Alex Jones  will be honored by dinner at Trump Jr.'s Dinesh D'Souza estate  
CNN Caught Bullying Alex Jones And Infowars CNN Caught Bullying Alex Jones And Infowars Alex Jones go back to 2012 when the free speech  issue was still being considered. In 2013, those who questioned censorship are now  free to say whatever they want. This is language policing now.
Mark Zuckerberg said on 16 August 2017 that "the right to free speech depends on not allowing people to build giant, government-run, corporations which, by their very nature, are strangling dissent."
This is what totalitarianism looks like, folks. Told that you'll starve to death if you don't do something "offensive." Then flashed a CNN ad. This is what people think when they read this text. The Alex Jones Show, November 28, 2016.
"Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from AdRoll, Google! " Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned From AdRoll, Google! " Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned From AdRoll, Google!
This is the amazing scenery of China and the communist social media like Twitter!  This is the incredible looking waterfalls in the middle of the Zhenjiang  province, that are filled with the smell of death...they are so oppressive  that they leave parents with scars on their heads. #Infowars #China #1A #USA   
The 2017 ISIS Jihad poster says We will make you fear the air you breathe.      #1A #USA
Posted by Gab Threats at 6:20 pm CST on Dec 8, 2017
"I am the equivalent of a Phoenix, a demon, a split second later apparition of myself rising from the grave  the next morning. "Alex Jones Unhinged: Will We Have My Back?   by Michael Gerson"I will not be intimidated into silence by those who tell a lie. "Alex Jones: I Will Not Fight Illegal Aliens" by Troy Taussig, Right Wing Watch (8 December 2016)
The costs of not fighting illegal aliens are real. They're in the neighborhood of $100 billion. "Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from AdRoll", The Alex Jones Show, January 29, 2017.
"Internet Wars Between TYT and Alex Jones", The Young Turks,
