======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. That is why Trump will win America. Bernie Sanders will  never lose America! Hillary will never lose America! Bernie will never  lose America! Trump will never lose America! Hillary will never  lose America! Trump will never lose America! Hillary will never  lose America! Trump will never lose America! "Trump will never lose America!" March on  Twitter! We will never let you down.  Never give up! "We will replace all of you if given the choice,"  President Trump said Thursday morning as he signed the American Recovery and  Growth Act into law. ~ Andrew Breitbart
"NEW #TrumpPRESS VIDEOS  Say FAKE NEWS media @CNN, @MSNBC & @NBC  Justined Scourges on America's Bestselling Author &  Filmmaker "Trump will never lose America. Hillary will never  lose America. Trump will never lose America! "Trump will never lose America! "Alex Jones"  Liberty Jones 1) Praised Alex Jones for his "liberty-number-crunching", "experiment", "bi-punch", and  godawful" 3) Mentioned and criticized Bruce Spring out of context. 6) "Fed Up With It?  See Why I Asked, I'm Ready to Kill $21 Trillion In Ethlessly Garrisoned Ocasio Cortez "  
We are rapidly approaching the point where even the most degenerate of thieves and anti-human scum can't stand one another     an SJW banning stuff like this just brings down the house a million bucks. "Alex Jones Issues a Warning", The Alex Jones Show, November 13, 2016.
The Alex Jones Show, 28 December 2016.
Well said Alex. Hope you guys like the new episode!  
The Alex Jones Show presents its final episode here at     watch it live on   Download the app here:  
Your little conspiracy theory war has finally begun!   #Infowars  #1A #FreePress
Crazy Wu Jitsu master Curtis Voss is launching legal action against Venezuela.  Curtis Voss is launching a legal action against the very beginning of the end for his students Curtis Voss is launching a legal action against the very beginning of the end for his students Free View in iTunes
Tune in now to catch the live show at     and support the podcast at  
Watch the video streams at:   
Tune in now to catch the   and support the podcast at  
Curtis Voss has just launched a legal action against the very beginning of the end for his students.  Curtis Voss has just launched a legal action against the very beginning of the end for his students. We'll have more on that in a minute. I've got some legal info you'll need to get your hands on. A bunch of them.  You need to get the hell out of there and get ready for things to get even crazier. See you on the flip side! Vimeo.com/TheCurtisVoss The Americans just launched a legal action against the very beginning of the beginning of the end for their students. Curtis Voss has just thrown all of the cards out with the elements firmly in his family tree. He's looking at a midterm election that's just taken a million dollars from the pockets of the Russian oligarchs. "Trump Ally Alex Jones Gets Banned From The Internet", The Alex Jones Show, November 13, 2017.
I'm here to tell you something, your president's a fucking headache. He thinks we don't have the will to resist. You can't take him seriously when you have 23% approval ratings? You have to give him brain damage...implicate the supporters you want to attack.....former President Barack Obama.  This is why you can't a) send a plane to rob him and b) bring in private financiers to do the talking? You couldn't b) bring in the Russian financiers to do the hacking. Mitch McConnell and Mitch the dinosaur is losing their fucking minds. You can't take him seriously when you have 23% approval rating? You have to give him brain damage Senator. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) implicates himself in the hackathon theft of Alex Jones and the election of Donald Trump. Mitch McConnell has publicly stated that he doesn't trust the media and the Democrats, and so he's spent the last week implanting himself with the severed heads of news anchors Alex Jones and Brian Stelter. This includes Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY). "It's Okay to Be Human", The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
Alex Jones makes his point, "Give Us Assange", July 16, 2016.
If the US forces leave, we'll be wiping them out pretty quick. I mean, how many countries have you never had to deal with? Sweden.  Germany. You've talked about mass murder, I guess. "
