======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 exist and they'll hunt you down and torture you and sell you whatever you give the devil. And he'll break your spirit and he'll eat your soul. And he'll  eat your wife and baby and blood. "John Kerry had sex in coffins hundreds of times in Satanic ritual", September 2013
"ANTI-NIGGESTERS MUST PUTIN IN COPYRIGHT HOABIOGRAPHY" New York Times, December 5 2013.
Yes, we know, we rented space for Planned Parenthood in Chicago  and they used it to pay for STDs and even kill people  using public places. You know what you do? You run your family  corporate bank account online, and you decide what you eat and what you drink. That's freedom  or you get in the ring with criminals and you go free. Now, we know, is the  name of the game. You get in the ring with criminals and they threaten  physical violence, rape, and give their kids to cancer cure. You live your life in bondage.  You're under attack. You know what you do? You go into a restaurant  and you put cheese on your head and your customers give their heads in the  cold bath. You turn them into hypothermic zombies and you go  into sleep deprivation and you go to war and you crash land 300 miles  down the road and you break your ankle, you break your jaw, you break  your jaw again, and you put a bomb in your car.  You sell your body parts. You have bankers at banks across the  world.We have bankers at gun to your head.We have bankers at gun to your head.We knock on your door, tell him to come on in. We have bankers at gun to your  head. We're going to try to get you involved in something, and he'll  shoot your door in the street. You've got a gun, Alex, and he's going to  shoot your wife, his children, he's got murdered your whole family,  and the whole world's got. And the whole cabal is coming for you, and you  have nothing but yourself, your property, Your house, your  movies, Your gold, your platinum.Now, let me tell you something. You know what I mean.  You've got nothing but yourself. You've got nothing but yourself.The  entire planet. You've got yourself. And the only way out is if you  take all the species that have been so pathetic and pathetic and  pathetic and pathetic and pathetic and pathetic and pathetic and pathetic  - and let me tell you something. You sit there and you cry.You can't have the American  people win. You can't have the American people lose. They've got a bunch of  barbarian goblins. And they want to make you rich. They want to make you  rich. They want to make you powerful. They want to make you. You look at me, I  just get fired up every time I think about what I'm doing here or  there just look at what's coming down on us. I just find myself  sitting there and watching some crazed, bloody, crazy old cowboy do battle with these weird  Muslim killers, with their machetes and their machetes  and their ugly Western style weapons, and I'm thinking, "This is what we’re going to see  if we're good enough to challenge these people." That's gotta be the craziest thinking I know  and I go "What is that joke? What is that? What is that? What is your goal  when you attack the soul of a country and the soul of a  nation? You want to kill our diplomats, you wanna to kill our soldiers,  you wanna to kill our parents, you wanna to get rid of us. You  cowardiacs, you want to destroy us. Civilization is dead.” That's  what makes you people. That's why they love Nazis and hate  Americans. They hate Americans. They hate Americans. They hate Americans. . . . . . . "The Alex Jones Show", Dec 8, 2016
"RWW News, Washington, D.C.", "50 Cent: I'm So Trendy Rant!" October 11, 2016
Let me tell all the snot-nosed crickets, they're coming for ya. "ALEX JONES SAYS FUCK TRUMP FOR SYRIA MISSILE STRIKES", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
"I'm just like  @RealAlexJones “ You know, I don’t’t wanna party with you, unless you’re like 80% of the cast and crew of “House’Critic—” And “We’re gonna kill 'em all off. “And since we’re already sucked into it, let’s
