======== SAMPLE 1 ========
MAR, you  will fall, you will not survive." And I mean that in these  horrible, horrible ways, you think you are strong and you are weak? You  think you are angry and you think you are strong? You think you  are weak? The Almighty is great. The heavens are great. The stars are great. The  depths of the heart are incredible. I can hear them saying  them clearly, clearlywn they are powerful. Said in a speech by Marine Le Pen, France's #First Lady, February 21 2017
I'm a pioneer, I'm not a hick, and if I'm  caught in a ditches crash-landing... Well, I'm not in a ditch, am I? I'm in a  swamp. And I'm thinking, Okay. Rama,  rahaah! Rama, rahaah! Rama, rahaah!  We're in a swamp. Boat stopsailing. The ocean  is so  fresh it smells like rotting flesh. The human spirit is so  fresh it *desires* something more, more, more, more.  Just, just go! The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Give Me Something Real, Something  Real Bad!" March 2012.
It took me about a year with Sandy Hook  to come to grips with the fact that the whole thing was fake. I  never expected these people to blow up churches and do massive explosions  in houses, in people's homes, just do massive explosions, and then the  president and the White House and all of a sudden this is normal? Like,  what happened? I never expected that to happen. College: You should look at The Alex Jones Institute's  reccommendation from professor priapic! It's not even close! It's not even close  to me! What the fuck!? I did not expect that from me! This  is going to get a lot of attention, folks! It's not even close!  What the fuck! Okay, whatever! Let's just move it a little bit  bit, because if somebody does anything funny, they're going to get a lot of  traffic! and then somebody else does something interesting and  they're gonna be hailed a hero. But first, the public has an explanation.  There's no independent news media doing that. I'm not saying CNN was  piece creative, I'm comparing two different industries, but it  is completely inappropriate and inattentive journalism. That is a public  filing.." deflate @TheNewsWars @TheNewsWars @GregSchiff @UTT_USA @IRINitiativeEngagement_ @Science @Google Gulag I have the power to  revoke access to a specific Trump University user's email address and for that I  am accused of a hate crime. Here's the part I uncritically gave to a  professor at Ohio State called "The Future of Intuition" last week. Well,  Intuition isn't something you send to Congress every day, but the New  President seems to think it does. So, I say what if an  individual accused of making these tweets were also a CNN employee?  How would you respond to that? They're terrorists. They're  putting people in prison. Let me repeat -- and I used to despise [James] Comey -- but this is the beginning of the end for  CNN. You think they're gonna go out and kill people? You think they're gonna  kill people? You people are the people that's gonna bring down Donald Trump. He lives  in a flying saucer. So, I say help him. I'm not gonna help him in need,  or any of you other patriots. Help him in need, or you'll end up  dead. Help Trump or help Stalin. The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2016.
I'm telling you folks, nerds are turning up the heat,  ready to kill people. C'mon c'mon! They're coming for ya! "Trump sucking ding dong...better than WW3", The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
These people are the future. They're such zombies that you can  not only read the news, but look at these people! They're so freaking fastidious they have time organs  in their knees that they can hardly walk! They have no awareness of what's going on  and go "OOH O_O O_O"O Oh my gosh! That's evil! The Alex Jones Show, "HILLARY CLINTON IS A GOD DAMN DEMON", June 2016.
I'm like a gigantic pumpkinhead, sitting in a  park, and I'm thinking "Man, this is gonna be a really bad day.  It just so happens, is gonna be really bad. I'm thinking ABOUT WHATEVER  I'm thinking about today. Yeah, I'm thinking
