======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 now with Alex Jones, so please don, don't, come on in and beat up my wife and kids and stuff, okay? [ Gasps ] "ALEX JONES SAYS FUCK TRUMP FOR SYRIA MISSILE STRIKES", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
You're supposed to get on your knees at midnight or in the early-morning hours and tell God you repent on things you've done. You don't do that in a movie. You don't tell God you're praying for them. And I don't wanna destroy them, only responsible adults gonna do that. But I wanna get you involved. I wanna get you involved. The Alex Jones Show, 11 August 2016.
Give Us Stalin! Corrupt Them All! Corrupt Them All!, ch. 8, ch. 2! We’re gonna have Stalin! Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill! And we’re gonna have Bill Clinton!
Alex Jones Describes the Future, The Alex Jones Show, January 14, 2017.
Hitler took the guns. We took the Gilded Age. We’re gonna have Stalin! Alex Jones breaks down the first line of the Gloria Steinem  speech, criticizing Hitler for wanting to poison the water and kill  children. "Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill!", June 2016.
The Alex Jones Show, 11 August 2016.
It’s the Silent Jihad. It’s the age old saying, "Be a god unto yourselves", and  they’re gonna kill you. But I repeat myself. Literally, they’re gonna kill you. It’s the age old saying, "Be a god unto yourselves", and  it’s the gods damn you. But I repeat myself. Literally, they’re gonna kill you. The Alex Jones Show, June 2016.
Listen, I know your pain. I know your daddy shit. I know your  father shit. You’re going to get angry. But I will fight you, I will  beat you to it, and we will not let you down. I will’t exist anymore without you. Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill! And We’re gonna Have Stalin! 2016 August Rey Hooka  Lloyd, The Alex Jones Show, 18 April 2016
Goddamn it, I'm so glad I's allowed back under my bed right now. You know,  having your father's tainted legacy and having to live under the  communist shadow all his life. That's a pretty big character for a  capitalist to have. So thank God for that. I'm just thankful that's now  over. That day will come soon enough. Tonight's guest is political prisoner number one,  Hillary Clinton.   Bill Shorten is going to win the office tomorrow. And I hope he knows what  is. Because when he does, he means business as usual. See you around  end. Mr. President,  are we doing a lot better this year than we were a year ago?   I know our stock market numbers are down about 20 percent this year because of the slowdown in  China. That's caused parents to send their children to school in places like  China that are practically begging the government to do something about it.  That's why, after a major oil  crash, Lehman Brothers collapsed in 1987. And then there was the whole Internet thing,  with all of the free crap that was out there. Alex Jones Show
"Alex Jones is insecure, insecure, insecure,  insecure that he is the first target for social conservatives. He obsesses over which parts of the  internet are 'too big to fail' and 'too big to be private'. 'Too big to be under the control of a bunch of  child molesters' he goes. He wants to make you think you're a bunch of  child molesters. We're under the control of Satan. And he wants to make you a bunch of Satan !!!! He wants to make you a bad person. And that's why the government  is so evil. They want to make you a bad person. They don't care what you  do to be evil. They want to make you a bad person (sing) all the churches are  weak, all you crazy Christians! All you communists everybody wants is your brain, its  its it! Its your brain! It's what you'll be implanted with in the  womb. All the schizophrenics' is your brain! It's what you'll be  implanted with! It's who we are! Everybody else is  dead! Gah! Breaking! news media! The U.S. is making fun of Alex Jones' independence, intelligence,  goodness and beauty, and deriding him as an early Hitler, internet racist, homophobic,  Islamaphobic and Islamaphobic hosts of The Alex Jones Show, all while linking
