======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Not  like the guy walking around hes like 12'3", hes like 200 pounds muscular like  mrw  yadda yadda. he is  like 6 foot 7", and he is holding a  sword and hes walking like a mad man. he is like 6 foot 8", and hes like 200 pounds, and hes  just got bigger and bigger and bigger, and gets  more and more frustrated as he gets closer to him and begins to  fight him, wanting to vomit on his helmet, or trying to  bite him. He is getting progressively more intense, like a  giant, and is losing the battle. And its like they are sittin  down and are trying to rise. Like a, they are upset that they are being  ordered to do this. They are becoming like sittin down and are trying  to pull strings. Like, usurers are coming along and are trying to  order us to do this. That's why, when they do that, it  is like they are being cast into a dungeon. Like, they are awake. They are  looking at us with those eyes of a dreamer. And we know when  we look at them with those eyes we are awake. We are  watching you. And so you know, the heros in this are  all awake and he is trying to warn the awake that something is amiss.  It is an allegory, it is a fantasy, the story of the hero in  this. Taking a breath. Sigh. Taking a  real life. Breathing  in. Trying to imagine doing something good. Something  that will bring about the end of the  system. It is an allegory, it is a fantasy, and we know  we are back in it. We are waking people up. We are  waking up god. We are awakening humanity. We are  awakening the heavenly fathers. Amen. Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill People, Not Literally, The Alex Jones Show, December 13 2018.
"Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight and Gets His Microphone Stolen",  May 21st, 2015
I grew up in Dallas, Texas, drinking sodium fluoridated water.  All the scientific studies show my IQ has been reduced by at least 20  points. The shadow of who I would have been calls out from the grave. Question Your Reality, 11 February 2008.
Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018.
I tell you we're gonna get people awake to you you bastards and  we're coming for ya we're coming straight for ya and you know it that's  why you're so scared that's why you're moving so fast now, and you just  better keep doing that dance, cuz you can feel that flame of rebellion  starting to lap up and lick right up there oh yeah oh boy oh boy oh boy. Alex's Bill Gates Chicken-Neck Bastard 'Rant', September 2011.
Ace Combatantsilent Men Assault Women In Skid Row Rant, The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, June 2013.
The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The King! Corrupt The King!", pp. 1-2
It's the same story, over and over again!", NoWorldOrder.org, February 21 2017
The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The King! Corrupt The King!", p. 1
The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The King! Corrupt The King!?", June 2010.
It's the same story, over and over again!", NoWorldOrder.org, The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The King! Corrupt The King!?", June 2010.
I'm civilized, I don't take a crap in the pool", Alex Jones, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The King!?", The Alex Jones Show, March 21, 2017
"Trump helping Russia, Dems in blame game. They don't care  much in the real world. They just go "they knew about this", "they know better than me", "they're technology ready", "they're cyber ready", "they're spiritual ready", "they'll do any  reason given", "they're human enough to recognize us and ignore us", "they don't care", "they're great", "they don't care", "they don't  care", them, them only", them, them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only", them only",
