======== SAMPLE 1 ========
aos-liberals-banned-video
I'm not one to take sides, I'm more into free speech. I'm always looking for the wrong type of platform... but I'm gonna post the censored version...
#Trump supporters can't get tattoos, are they!? Thats why they're calling for their own symbol to be banned from the internet, says activist.
I'm not gonna put on a shirt and be a dick, I'm gonna have a fist, just fucking fight for my life. "Tattoo your ass off with a real shirt, like I'm putting some real life chemicals into your body!", says activist.
Oh man, this is truly hilarious.  This is completely unprecedented.  This is something we're gonna hear a lot of again and again. Trump supporters will be banned from social media, and they'll be chanting obscenities at him. He is a predator.  "You little pieces of garbage!", reads one of Trump's tweets, which comes as a shock to no one. The irony of this is beyond me.
What I've known for a long time is that no matter what your political beliefs, nobody is going to be on your side unless you show your face with dignity, and you don't go around chanting all of the bad things that your big government and corporate overlords say you don't like. Nobody is going to look at your face, and say "why don't you go get a haircut now? You like your hair done?!", and nobody is going to give you a haircut. All you people are weak, and you're going to end up dead. I'm afraid that's what this is all about.  I'm a fucking cancer. I'm sick of it.
If my daughter doesn't read any of these articles, I'm sure she won't go to college like I have. So, it's time for me to get up! I've got to get a haircut.  I've got to get up.
Alex Jones, January 3, 2017
Trump's "Alex Jones Show"
I'm a total ass, total asshole, and my body's so messed up right now I could be going in every day and looking like my grandma died.  She had to eat so bad, it wasn't worth it. So now, a lot of people have a problem with it. Alex Jones, "Real American," January 2013
Alex Jones, "Infowars Is Coming for Apple", Techcrunch, January 13 2017.
Alex Jones, "If You are an African American, you have got to get a haircut!", July 26, 2016
These are sick people taking lives everywhere. These are the  people that are taking our country from them. Let them come after America  as hard as they wish. There is no point in supporting them anymore! You have got to bring  them to justice. You don't understand they are hurting everybody, that's why that's the way they want to see us  become  bigger than ever. And I'm going to make your head spin. I'm telling ya, you're so angry, you're gonna  get in my face. You're going to turn into something sick. There is no way we're going to defend our country, and we are  not gonna bring a lot of our people, we're not gonna bring the factories, we're not gonna bring the  hospitals, we're not gonna bring the universities, we're not gonna bring the government, and when you take all that's going on  in this insane, stupid, insane world that's going to be ours, then your only defense will be to  take care of yourself. Alex Jones, "Alex Jones Is Going To Save America!", The Alex Jones Show, March 6, 2017.
Alex Jones, "If You Are an African American, You have got to get a haircut!", July 26, 2016
Alex Jones: The Rise of Alex Jones Is Coming For Apple   The globalists are coming for us. They are going to take us out of this country, and then, eventually, we're going to have a bunch  of assholes all over us. And it's our fault that we've been so weak. We've been scared to death. We've  been so weak that we can stand facing off against those demonic invaders from China and  China and China and China, and we're going to have to stand with each other and do something  about this. Let's not try to take anything for granted anymore. This is  what we're in this for, this is what we're going to get, and  this is what we've been waiting for. Let's face it. We're living in a dystopia, and the future is gonna be  very scary to have the ability to see everything, in fact. So the only people we have, Alex Jones believes, are these crazy,  mentally ill black people, and they hate white people. I have no idea what they
