======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tech and their deep state allies.  
Breaking: Angry China Just Fired Six Shots At U.S Navy Ships
.@JohnWaters joins @libertytarian to discuss what really happened in Benghazi.  
CNN is trying to intimidate companies into wiping us off the Internet. It's critical you download the app here:   It's critical you get the live show link and share it with others:   Defend free speech! Don't let bullies win.
Alex Jones demands right to congressional hearing to face his accusers who lobbied Big Tech to shut down Infowars. You may not like me, you may despise my politics, but I am the canary in the coal mine.
This is a political assassination of my character. I am never allowed on CNN to defend myself. Things are constantly attributed to me that I never said.
Where I am allowed to defend my right not to be 'unpersoned' by giant corporations who act like monopolies. To expose how this is all about moving towards a Communist Chinese style 'social credit score' dystopia.
I respectfully ask Congress to allow me to face my accusers. There have been multiple hearings where the banning of Infowars has been discussed & lobbied for by Democrats. Now it's happened. I want to attend an open session where I am allowed to defend my right to free speech.
Are conservatives just going to sit back and let CNN thought police the nation? We need congressional hearings, we need a task force, we need to say no more. You may despise Alex Jones and Infowars, but I'm the beta test for a wider purge. If you do nothing, you'll be next.
CNN accuses Infowars of glorifying violence. How many wars did CNN glorify? Your chief national security analyst advocated the invasion of Libya. A war which led to the migrant crisis, the rise of ISIS & hundreds of thousands of deaths. How is that not glorifying violence?
It's the height of hypocrisy for CNN to claim Infowars engages in "bullying". We don't send camera crews to doxx and harass old ladies outside their homes like CNN did. We don't threaten to doxx people who create memes like CNN did.
The media was weaponized mob outrage to silence "offensive" speech.  CNN has led a lobbying campaign to shut down a competitor's website. This isn't journalism, this is activism. In Russia, the government shuts down the media, in America, giant corporations take on that role.
The World is waking to Fake News  Kings CNN real mission. Not just to mislead and divide the people but to destroy free speech. They ARE a organized crime syndicate that takes billions from dictatorships around the world while deplatforming real news!
Breaking! The Truth They Don't Want You To Hear: What Really Happened In Benghazi Tune #RealNews #1a #USA  #FridayFeeling #FreeInfowars #NationalLazyDay      
I still respect true liberals who oppose censorship and support free speech, and hope, one day, to return to an era where we can have a conversation which can take the best aspects of both liberalism and conservatism which will lead humanity to a more prosperous, fairer society.
Overview Of Muslim Terrorist Compounds Under Our Nose In The US Overview Of Muslim Terrorist Compounds Under Our Nose In The US Doug Hagmann gives an overview of the Muslim terrorist compounds covertly operating within the borders of the United States' homeland.
Banned Comedian Defends Alex Jones And The First Amendment Banned Comedian Defends Alex Jones And The First Amendment Owen Benjamin, a comedian banned for life from Twitter, breaks down the hypocrisy of the left as they demand hate speech regulations that are making all Americans less free.
Banned Comedian Defends Alex Jones And The First Amendment Banned Comedian Defends Alex Jones And The First Amendment Owen Benjamin, a comedian banned for life from Twitter, breaks down the hypocrisy of the left as they demand hate speech regulations that are making all Americans less free.
Wow this global attention is really hurting us.
If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine      #IamAlexJones #FreeInfowars #1A
If The Deep State Thinks Theyre Going To Win, Theyve Got Another Thing Coming The Deep State Has Got Another Thing Coming Doug Hagmann discusses the deep states' plan to overthrow President Trump's administration and explains why they're attempts will only fail in vain.
Check out my new channel & subscribe!   Shocking details have emerged of the deaths of several babies  minutes after they were vaccinated.   One died after the parents wishes were overruled by the hospital. #vaccine #VAXXED #Vaccinesarepoison
Searches for the term Infowars skyrocketed on #Google this week after numerous tech companies began purging #Infowars
