======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 against the American people.
Alex Jones Being Used As An Example To Go After Trump And Infowars Alex Jones Being Used As An Example To Go After Trump And Infowars The attempts by big tech to censor Alex Jones have backfired far worse than the left could have imagined. In 2018, those that speak the truth are becoming more popular than ever before.
A British police officer called a refugee warning campaign after a migrant was gang-raped in Cologne. The words of the officer's  questioning must be quoted, but the truth is, the British government clearly discouraged the kind of abuse that happened in Calais and is treating Britain the way the Americans and Brits should be treating migrant rapists and criminals.
Are YOU Fat chancellors that elected your favored candidates via email? Your pathetic attempts at democracy are pathetic at best. You think mock elections are supposed to be about elections? You dismiss ALL the non REAL candidates like the left is siding with Trump and his fascist shills. You dismiss ALL alternative media platforms as fake? Then YOU are fake! Get the petition to Pardon Infowars!
President Trump called a press conference today to congratulate him on his victory, and to ask him about what he said today.     #TrumpsJerkishness #USA #RogerStone #MAGA
We have reached the 60 day mark since The Alex Jones Show first debuted.     #1a #RealNews #Censorship #Infowars
Fake News Agenda Is To Kill The Alex Jones Show The Alex Jones Show debuted on RealNews.com on May 3rd 2016.   The free world needs a media free of conspiracy theories and misinformation   Tune in!    #RealNews #1a #RealNews
Alex Jones has a point. The real work of anti American artist Jack Dorsey is simply begging for Hillary to lose her cool against the best leftist political operatives in America.
But we  don't need leftists at all  The Alex Jones Show is full of them, isn't it?  The Alex Jones Show tagline 
The real news is in the left that's coming!  Tune in!   <<
Watch Live: Anti Antifa Slam Trump For Liking The First Amendment The Alex Jones Show broadcast at 5:20 p.m. CST on RealNewsChannel #RealNews  is free and open source. You can view some of the anthems can be found here:
Open borders activists gush about how local police and ambulance corps are now full of African migrants   Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is simply disgusting. These are American dreamers now coming to our country. We have no values better than to take our guns and shoot people! Just another cowardly move by the Chinese to grab our hearts and move the election for Trump. A must see!
Senator Bernie Sanders (I Vt.) Medicare for All plan would increase government spending by $32.6 trillion over 10 years, according to a university based study      #FeelTheBern #tlot #tcot #MidtermMadness
New Mexico families are now out in the cold while their kids grow up   Look at that Bernie... he is losing his cool again. They are asking us to sacrifice our future for their oligarchic group. Look at him now. He is losing his cool in the face of evidence that proves he is a Russian agent. This is historic discrimination!
NYT Claims President's Secret Service Shot Rebel Into Wall Street This media may contain sensitive material. Learn more
The 2016 ISIS Jihad poster says We will make you fear the air you breathe.
Will NYT issue retraction? New York Daily News editor in chief defends Omarosa Man's claim that NYT "fired warning shot" at terror group
Anti American Dems are engaging in a coordinated, witch hunt against Democrats in hopes of getting a one sided expose from President Trump.
Are the media oligarchs going to continue to pay their political bills as Democrats seek to have NYT fired?     #maga
The New York Times committed suicide today with a 9/11 Truther story, the paper proudly declared. The deep state criminal cabal working to destroy America!
Alex Jones reveals how the leftist rich are becoming achingly rich, commiting mass murder.    #IshdNameSandy #tcot #MurderFreeRand Paul
First Amendment Lawyer: Rand Paul Randalized By The Establishment, But "Most of the Racists Were Against Her"  
Watch Live: Oregon Proposes A Law To Keep Young Women In P.E.
Constitutional Red herrings aside, Donald Trump thinks he's a great guy... and funny, he looks like a snow leopard.
Watch Live: Constitutional Red Shears: Senator Rand Paul Randalizes And Calls For The Texts To Be Decoded America's most recent constitutional crisis stems from Washington DC, where partisan gerrymandering and masked gerrymandering have been
