======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 fact how easily you can tell from what  photos or videos  you get that the person is not wearing something fake and  people are consuming her real food and drinking her water. That  is the issue. The amount of imitation that's been instigated on us. And  I just get angry that something like this is being committed. And I  think it is time we started caring. Something needs to be done. Something  done right now. Something must be done. Something can be done.  C'mon @keyes gate  is going to be flooded with  email from out of deep space this is what we get sent  each year to worry about. Something must be done. Something must be done.  C'mon @keyes why are we putting up with this?  Yay @SheriffO @FBIJamesMotivation removed from #infowars  after posting under the alias @allidoisowen @SheriffO  please leave a comment below and I'll add it to the post.  
Your @infowars camera crews are afire with misinformation, fear, and  hatred. We are under attack. Insults and hatred being written all over the internet  and in the papers. The elite news outlets are already shadow banning elected officials  and officials up to and including act here on election day.   We are under attack. The deep state preparing to pull the trigger on our government.  All candidates and all political parties are under attack. The Deep State is preparing to strike again.  President Trump and his team are in Vegas trying to piece together what really happened  in the little pizzeria that Anthony and Anthony's son were allegedly told was on Israeli soil.  That's right, Alex Jones has been hired as a peer into  political power by the deep state. How is that not cleansing?!"
  @infowars Runs Out of Gas" Andrew Bolt points out that while the pump is currently running out of  the black beans, the restaurant is not, and the  food is not in order. Help us push for better information and for an  unyielding fight for free speech!   
#YouTube shuts down ouraboard for 24/7 monitoring! This is great news for us and for  Infowars alike!  We hope the Double Standard is broken!  We hope everyone involved has a great day!  And we pray for the morning Walsh government boots on our ass!  Great news! Great news for free speech! & for everyone's safety!  And for the national press to follow suit!  Thanks, CNN!  Great news for our listeners! and for the national press!  And for the people!  And for  McCarthy! 
.@Infowars and @RealAlexJones can now watch the same movie three times a day  without any warning! ... Could be class warfare! 
The trial of Martin Gottesfeld, a computer engineer turned human rights activist, begins on Monday over the Justine Pelletier case  brought by Laura and Mark Zuckerberg      @1A_Joey
  is lobbying hard for #Palestine to be recognized as a Jewish state   and are using #Google & #Apple to do this -- and you know what they're doing,  you can see it from the buildings --  they built it a thousand times, and now they're worshipping it up  with  that same arrogance and filth that sets us up as barbwire  and as a defiler of the weak and the vulnerable.
  It's the same thing with Islam. ... If they build a school in  Egypt, and a university in Singaporee, in Pakistan, they go and  and do a good job explaining how it gives you information, and  they're talking about how it protects the weak and the weaklings, and  they're not celebrating the fact that Egypt and the #1 news  news network are celebrating us!  We're celebrating Libra, we're celebrating Padre HaCoop! -- and then #PodestaHooker is hit with a  collection of assassination charges, and everyone is like "What the Hell happened to  you, buddy?" "I was summoned to the White House. I'm not in a  position to answer your prayers." "I'm in a position to offer myself, my  thought processes, and  speak up." "What do you think of my own body? My  hair? My brain? Do you think I'm  tough, like some gang member coming out of a sewer? I'm thinking about  how I'm going to wage a war. Kill some more people, kill  all these people. You thought you were strong? You've been trained to think that way.  Now you think things the way you've been coached to think. Talk about it,  about that — you're crazy people. You should be dead already.  Talk about it, :] Omar Gonzales
