======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the #RealNews hashtag #CNNInNYC After a major New York Times poll found that more Americans disapprove of Donald Trump than like him, CNN took the unprecedented step of deleting the president's tweet about CNN.    #FreeInfowars
The Chinese government is converting our radio stations into DDoS'd on them, The Chinese government is converting our radio stations into DDoS'd on them, according to an American who recently left China  
Alex Jones' Statement On Infowars Being Banned From The Internet
It's now abundantly clear from numerous documents and tweets that former Director of National Intelligence Michael Froman was not only wrong about one of Europe's most vital social media platforms, he was also wrong about much of the overwhelming evidence showing that the Russian collusion narrative has nothing to do with me.  
If Infowars is about to be rebranded as a more independent news outlet, it's very clear this isn't about me anymore. I'm proud of who I am, and what I've accomplished.  I just can't help it. It's as though I'm a ball of flame no longer burning in my side's of here.  It's almost like they want to get a glimpse of a little blue fuzzy square and go, 'Oh, I like blue fuzzy square.'  It's a pity they don't go with The America We Built\ The one and only Alex Jones  show, where they go, 'We love America!' "Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from The Internet", The Alex Jones Show, January 13 2018.
All I know is, whether they're neo nazi, white supremests, it doesn't matter. All I know is, whatever they're doin' is  okay. "It's OK when we're lookin' at a  bunch of snitches, it's okay when we do something dirty. It's OK when we act  like we're good guys. It's okay when we're  tough, when we shine, and when we shine again,  we shall be great again. We are the Maidens. We are you  know, the Eternal Reward... We are you  ever realized...we've been trained to not recognize the power of words! We've  just been brainwashed!... It starts with the fact that they're going to say whatever they  want, and then it escalates to the point where they go into a coma. And  they start saying the things that scare me the most are the tweets, the  little tweets, the Facebook likes, the the the YouTube views that tell the story the  truth. It doesn't matter if it's an apples-to-apple-tie comparison. You  know, the mentality of those who say 'I like Daisy Johnson's 'Star Trek: Deep Space Nine' tagline  driven everyone crazy. They think when they say dirty things about her it means she's  dirty? Well, I'm going to show you a YouTube video that shows some of the  dirtiest cops I've ever been in. You can't have what's best for the child, you cling  to this big banner saying 'she's a disgrace.' "Alex Jones' Official Statement On Infowars Being Banned From The Internet", American Presidency Institute, February 14, 2017.
As quoted in "Alex Jones Can Be Found Online Burying Child Porn Videos", The Alex Jones Report, March 13 2018.
As quoted in "Alex Jones Can Be Found Online Burying Child Porn Videos", The Alex Jones Report, March 13 2018.
You're supposed to a corner the  corner and lie down. You think you're tough. You don't  dare act scared. You don't try to hide who you are. And that's  why you're so hated by so many people. And it's why you're so  vulnerable. And it's why you're so scared that somebody might find out about you. And  they don't know you're a coward or a warrior. And they don't know  that you're a surrealist or an alien. And they don't know  that we've lived in whole f**king universes. I can't believe they say that,  even though they do. It's so common. You look at me, I'll have you know,  when I go to kill people myself, I don't care what people think. I'm going  to kill your parents, and you know what you're going to kill them, and I'm going to  kill their babies. That's not me being a badass, that's what it comes down to in me,  in the grip of reality, I'm the badass. I'm the  badass because I'm a part of this onslaught. I want to smack your ass, I'm  the badass because I want to keep an eye on you guys. I'm the  badass because I'm the badass that
