======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  
A Nigerian politician from the Panjican Republic of Antigua and Barbuda has called on Muslim community to give their prayers to a "fugeine" of Muslim migrants seeking asylum in the UK.
Twitter suspends a US official after the social media platform's algorithm wildly outscores Instagram's in keeping with fair use rules  
Citizens United: US Censorship Destroys Faith, Not Government First Amendment Institute For the mainstream right wing Catholic Church, the Federalist No. 1 warns, is today the platform of the biggest lie and hatred spreading in modern American politics.
Islamic Terror Spews Into America, Watchmen Gaps Proved Innocent Intervention IS Jihadists are simply waiting for Hillary to be deposed!
Video: ISIS Launch Offensive To Takeover Of Iraqi Oil Spill Mind you not, a suicide bomber targeted US troops and blew themselves up as they were marching towards them  
Citizens United: US Censorship Destroys Faith, Not Government First Amendment Institute For the wealthy few enshrine market forces will control the information and liberty.
MUST SEE! Black Lives Matter! Step Up! Step Forward! Help Support The Republic   
EMERGENCY: Federal Reserve System Overturns Total Control over Economy EMERGENCY: Federal Reserve System Overturns Total Control over Economy #tcot #BenGarrison #2A #Trump #MAGA #FreeAmericana EMERGENCY: Federal Reserve System Revives Total Control Over Economy The Federal Reserve System, the central banks monopoly over interest rates, has experienced a huge and unprecedented crisis of control. Total takeover of the world's currency. The United States is in a panic: can the United States take on its share of the global economy?
BREAKING: Federal Reserve System Overturns Total Control Over Economy The Federal Reserve System, the central banks monopoly over interest rates, has experienced a huge and unprecedented crisis of control. Total takeover of the world's currency. The U.S. economy is contracting and unemployment skyrockets. The price of oil is falling and the middle class is shrinking. Massive underemployment has left workers struggling to find future cash flows. #MAGA #1a
Federal Reserve Bank Of New York Mellon PhD Reaches Into Private Fined Account Owner's Domain Learn more: Download the free Adobe Acrobat Reader
Citizens United: Governmental Censorship Destroys Faith, Not Private Goods First Amendment Institute For the wealthy few, corporations are best positioned to control the public discourse and the opinions of the public at large, the federal government under attack.
Breaking: Federal Reserve Is Overturning Total Control Over Economy
BREAKING: Federal Reserve Bank Of New York Mellon PhD Reaches Into Private Fined Account Owner's Domain
The total banishing of Alex Jones and the truth is leading to the total takeover of the political process reaching a new level. All of the new polling regarding Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server and the impact she's having on the way Americans vote have triggered a massive tech censorship crackdown.
Alex Jones Retweeted Alex Jones 3 years ago  You can recieve 3 stars out of 5. You can revoke 3 stars if you do not share Alex's values.
The total banning of Alex Jones is leading to the total takeover of the political process reaching a new level. All of the new polling regarding Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server and the impact she's having on the way Americans vote.
As stated previously, the deep state are using computers to do political campaigns, as opposed to engineers doing the actual work. This makes their jobs less filled.
Candidate Tweets About Black Voters' Questioning The New York Times asserts that "candidate tweets about black voters' questioning the legitimacy of President-elect Trump's claim that former President Theodore Roosevelt was a lumberjack and failed father figure" (Oct 30, 2016) is the beginning of something big.
A man wearing a mask was arrested after allegedly attempting to bash a police officer with a pipe bomb while yelling obscenities at reporters.
Passengers on board an Egyptian public train were run over by a car while trying to clear the way for their train to stop at a station. The irony of the story is not lost on those on the ground.
#PassengersPassANTankle #antankle Are they really helping to commit suicide by delaying their train trip or are they simply trying to commit suicide by distracting from their efforts? #passengersarecoming Get the info, please!  
Passengers on an Egyptian public train were run over by a car while trying to clear the way for their train to stop at a station. The irony of the story is not lost on those on the ground.
Passengers on an Israeli public train were run over by a car while trying to clear the way for their train to stop at a station. #PassengersAreComing
Passengers on an Iranian public train were run over by a car while trying to clear
