======== SAMPLE 1 ========

I've never wanted to attack a fucking human being, but now that I've had it a little bit, I can't help it at all. Is that why he wants to kill off all these little people that've been helping  him, and he smells like his own blood, and he smells like alcohol, and he's thinking about  putting poison in his clothes, and he wants to get your attention. Stop  thinking you don't have work to lose, stop thinking you want to live, and stop  thinking about what you're doing here. You think you've got anything  other than to lose this world to some supreme being? You think you've got any business  with this person, this is your domain, this is what you're doing here, and we're  doing what we're supposed to do. Now stop thinking you don't have work. Stop thinking you  don't have work! Stop thinking you don't have work! This  is your domain, your imagination! Excuse me. You know what you do in you mind's eye?  Run, jump, chase after those that stop you breath. These are our  quarrying species! These are the  humans! These are the wild people! These are the patriots! This  is our republic! We're taking care of ourselves, and we're not  going to sit back and let these people go. We need to organize, and join   us! We need to send a message to President Obama and the Republicans are  going to be rocked by this, that this is the beginning of the end for the Alex Jones  conspiracy  network. The Americans are coming, and they’re all gonna know it. The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
[ He runs through a group of Iraqi refugees with blood on their hands. The Iraqis are now the major  public challenge to the United States and are coming from the north who are  already suffering the consequences. We’re going to get 'em! ]. The Alex Jones Show, 18 September 2013.
The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
The Alex Jones Show, 18 September 2013.
"Alex Jones Calls Out George Stephanopoulos and the MSM", The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
All the slugs, all the whores, all the slut-shamed, all over Hillary and the email scandal, et cetera.   
Alex Jones 1/20/2009[:
"George Stephanopoulos accuses the Democrats of being soft on radical Islamic terrorists. ",  Chris Cuomo  raises the obvious point that Stephanopoulos is implying that the left is being soft on radical Islamic terrorists. Stephanopoulos then asks "Do the leftists hate leftists?" and then continues: "Do the liberals hate leftists?" The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
It’s the height of hypocrisy for Hillary to imply hatred for an individual because she supports the Department of Defense or because of her business record. The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
She doesn’t understand the people’s right to personal information.  She doesn’t understand the Second Amendment. Yeah, she can take it away, but her ego's  well rewarded. She doesn’t have the nerve to say it. This is American medicine, demonizing other  peoples' families, it is the culture of this country. You’re going to get violent with  the poor and the weak, people. This is our culture. We are a  bunch of anti-social  people. And Hillary Clinton knows that. She doesn’t understand what makes up good and evil.  She doesn’t understand who we are. And Donald Trump doesn’t understand that either. And  it’s one of the great  landslides in presidential elections. Hillary Clinton is viewed as a god.  This is a symbol of our time. This is our era. We’re  to arouse a new spirit of belonging with her. Respectfully  called a goddess. Respectfully called a goddess. That is the message  that we want to send. And we’re gonna get Bernie Sanders in the  middle of it. Hillary Clinton is viewed as the enemy of the American people. "Trump hurting economy too  much': "Trump hurting economy too damn fast": That is a lie  told by the bankers to try to hurt the American people. The American  Order is pissed. This is what they come up with. "Trump hurting the economy too much':  That is a lie told by the bankers to try to hurt the American  economy. The American People Are Verified. They Are Thoroughly Racist This is what the corporate media  says when they say "Trump hurting the American economy too much": "Trump hurting the economy too much": That is a lie  told by the bankers to try to hurt the American people. The American People Are Verified. They Are Racist
