======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from a plane.  Can you believe it? Iarce  throat! I giggle at  people imagining myself in pain. I’m sorry, but I’m  gonna get  you arrested, and arrested again, and get  some  teeth work done, and lose three teeth, and  show some teeth, and be recognized as a hero, and thank God  they thought twice about doing that. Okay? I'm not kidding,  hundreds of Twitter users have commented on the way I look  on television, in fact, even though I'm white, because I follow the  wayliest way to look white,carpool lane feature  traffic calming technologies.  Okay? As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
BBC's Sunday Politics, 9 June 2013.
Alex Jones Show
"Alex Jones EPIC Anti-Globalist Rant", IncorporatedOps, February 13, 2017
"Alex Jones English British Accent imitates Police", The Alex Jones Show, 13 May 2013.
You’re weak! Your god's weak!" "Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight and Gets His Microphone Stolen",  May 21st, 2015
Alec Baldwin  thinks he is a tough guy, I challenge him a million dollars to the  charity he wants to get in the ring with me, bare knuckle. I will, I'll  do it right now. I'll get in the ring with you and I will break your  jaw, I will knock your teeth out, I will break your nose, and I will  break your neck. You coward, you think you're tough guy, messing with  little cameramen people. You want to sit there and defame me and the  president? Get in the ring with me, I will break your jaw in seconds. I  will smash your nose into a bloody pulp, and I will whack your teeth  out. My fists are going to bleeding with your teeth marks all over em.  You frickin' bully, you coward. I hate you, my listeners hate you and  remember that, scumbag, forever. Heh heh heh heh. We're going to defeat  this anti-human scum, we're going to wreck their world. "Alex Jones to Alec Baldwin: I Will Break Your Jaw In Seconds", The Alex Jones Show, March 17 2017.
I will go to hell before I sit here and watch this country  and the world turned over to these savages! I'm done, I'm pissed, and  I'm not putting up with it anymore! Let me tell you something, you  filthy traitors in the government, you pieces of crap.You are the  most degenerate, twisted, mentally ill people I've ever seen, wanting  to gang-rape this Republic and this country and the West that has been  the literal cornerstone, the absolute jewel in the crown of free Western  Renaissance societies and the very best literature, music, technology,  science, medicine, culture the world's ever seen!You Satanists wanna  to sacrifice the West! You wanna to kill the beautiful goddess that is  the West! You people are enemies, and we're going to get your asses, and  we know what you're up to, and we're coming for you! As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
Stop feeling like you don't have power. Stop feeling pathetic  and weak. Break out of your television-induced trance. It starts with a  war growl. It starts with getting fired up, staring at yourself in the  mirror, and showing some teeth, and saying "I'm a human being. I have  dignity. I'm gonna resist. I'm gonna start recognizing the propaganda.  I'm gonna break free from it. I'm not gonna fight with my family. I'm  gonna organize with my family, and realize we're under attack by the  social engineers. And I'm not gonna fight with my neighbors. We're gonna  organize. Humanity's gonna come together." AAAHHH! YAAAHHH! We know  we're under attack! We know it! We're breaking the conditioning!  YAAAHHH! RAAAHH! We're coming for ya globalist. Coming for ya!  Coming for ya! We know what you're doing! I'm sorry. I just get fired up  when I think about what they're doing to us and how I wanna resist  them, and how easy they are to defeat. Excuse me. I think my  testosterone's going up. This happens every time I start working out a  lot
