======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 down the Internet!
This tweet, from @RealMattSantos, is the likely explanation for why this tweet is being deleted:
Whatever went down at Apple was never sent to Twitter. Sorry. — Stephen Colbert   (@jokeshford1176) September 11, 2016
If this is YouTube, they don't care about my tweets anymore than any of this Hollywood, Hollywood #conspiracy  is #infowars. #FreeTommyRobinson #RealNews #FreeTommy
Google, Facebook, And Twitter Respond To Infowars Taking Down Of Google (And Other Internet Companies) This media may contain sensitive material. Learn more
It all starts with #Google hiding the location data of #Preachers. #AmericaFirst #FreeSpeechAball #Censorship     
The Chinese government has used Google and other authoritarian tech giants to interfere in our political process, the first step in making them pay a price. Google, Facebook, Apple, and Spotify all paid a price.  All because they did not uphold the Beijing line...or the First Amendment...or the Bill of Rights.
Globalists Push To Have Alex Jones Banned From Social Media This media may contain sensitive material. Learn more
Its Called a Game, isn't it?  Play the victim!  Win or lose you personal information  The globalists are using this for their own nefarious ends!  Win your position or lose it! The algorithm does not care! It has decided you are a danger to society! The information it knows is private!  It is that which the great majority of patriots and free thinkers uphold!!!
Breaking! Medford Protestant Arrested For Demonstrating #Antifa In The Park This media may contain sensitive material. Learn more
If the #Democrats are truly the world,they would do better not to have them running the world order  than to have them in power! Donald Trump called in to CNN to attack Gary Bettman and the Democrats after the New York Times openly called for boycott, shutdown and assisted suicide of citizens  
Fascism Is Now Promoting Selfishness In Style This media may contain sensitive material. Learn more
A massive brawl broke out in a Paris airport as anti-Islamic protesters marched  down tways and freeways  
Owen goes super saiyan and tries to set up a bloodthirsty cabal for the West  to defeat! Owen King reveals the origins of the Trump cult, Stephen Lynch, and Brian Stelter, as they seek the survival of the species aboveand beyond!
NYU Professor: "I'm So Trendy This Way To Be True: The Los Angeles RANT" by @SchumerDemspan Only Congress that smells bad is Hillary Clinton's! The Democrats don't want you to know, she personally banned Andrew Breitbart off Twitter! As quoted in "Owen King Reveals The Real Story Behind' Alex Jones' Bit by Bit Sorting" by Andrew Martin / Media Matters , Breitbart.com (21 September 2016)
"I go out and see [Patriot Prayer] people everyday, and they all know each other, and yet they all hate each other. It's the most primal hatred of all, because it's so apparent in so few people's minds. How do you think I see myself?  Why do I do the things I do? I see no god but myself. I see no God but myself. I see no god except myself. It's a powerful hatred, and when you strip it all out, it's literally a ruse, and it's only among those with a weak weakness who can see clearly, it's called a hearsay! It's called a gut feeling! It's all in the name of...! I'm So Trendy This Way To Be True: The L.A. Realist The hatred for America is real! It's deep and it's real; you'll never hear a metal band call for an American cause better than "Aidie Joe", who also happens to be a metalhead", reminding every metalhead of this. We gotta you know, whenever you read "Alex Jones Calls Out the Illuminati", you'll see they actually care about every second count this is how the government run by George Soros go  
You May Also Like:
War Room Warns Of Mass Organizing, Saying Only One Race Matters To The Left Of Left Wing Demands Something More (Video) It's war room trash day, and everyone's freaking sick of it! As quoted in "Alex Jones Wants To Organize All The Voters To Support Democrat Hillary In 2020" by Paulette D. Ward (RealVote.com) , Breitbart.com (28 June 2016)
I grew up in Dallas, Texas, drinking sodium fluoridated water. Now, everyone I ever knew died from low levels of lead (the only lead in drinking water I had was three!). I now know exactly what apoaching is (poison) inside
