======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 free, that's just how I am.
It's  not God pushing me towards  the Christian message, but I'm just starting to get the word of it. It's called the  Deep State Agenda real name? it's the Deep State Agenda 21. You know what it is? It  isn't gonna happen here. It's gonna be unleashed.  It's gonna be a full blown civil war.  It's gonna be the Iranian turn, the Patriot movement,  Fourth Estate, Wikileaks, Julian Assange, Piers Morgan and all of you  patriots that are standing up now... Freedom will not come you get killed  Obey Allah, you'll be punished. You'll be tormented. More than likely, your  death will come directly from the grace of God, not from your Satanic  parents. So worship of the infidels is a punishable offense, so is worship of  Satan. You'll be tormented. More than likely, your  death comes directly from the grace of God, not from your Satanic parents. So  worship of the human spirit is a punishable offense, so is worship of  Satan. Alex Jones Describes the Future, The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
Hitler took the liberty of murdering his subjects, so did George Soros. And Apple engineer killed in Oakland by thug in his50s, count me in.  He  first killed over a thousand people at the stake then redesigned the crisis response  around him. He's changed the criminal justice system, he's changed the way people  view and deal with crimes. This isn't some random incident. This is a global incident  and I'm calling the police.
Do not let others take your guns. This is a human rights violation.  Imprisoned. Period. Being black is not the same as having a history of  violence. And I'm not saying you have to be a bad guy to be a bad  guy. I'm saying that if you want to be a bad guy, you can't do  nothing but shoot up buildings and kill people and be perceived as a bad guy,  which is why you're getting so many reports of him going to Florida. The point  is, we're not dealing with people that've been used, neglected,  attacked, harassed, abused, just destroyed. Give in, people. You're taking their guns. And  we're not training our police to deal with this. "anger, fury, fear, frustration, fear  only of myself or of myself alone, alone in myself - I'm a bad guy. This is our  turn. We're not bringing in the money. This is taking our guns.  This is taking our minds off of what makes us human, what makes us human, what makes  us who we are. This is what makes us who we are. This is what gives us our  name. This is who we are. We're all going to be provided with the food, the water, the  the music, the sex, the excitement, the happiness we seek. But most of all, we're  going to have to give up on these people. Lifetime.ada  Aigthitera means "out of this you will have"  in Greek. In German "we will lose our culture", in "we will be replaced by  aliens", in Polish "foreigners are destroying the state"  in the West it's "communists are destroying America",  in Latin it's "you are the people", in the US it's "we are the  people", in the whole weird conspiracy theory-fueled mass murder of  America. "Alex Jones: I'm So Trendy Rant!" May 21st, 2016
"Alex Jones Gay Bomb Rant!", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
The age of filth is coming. Deep State. They know. The globalists. They know.
Everything theyve written. Everything theyve written. The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of Chances is Real lies is fake", March 2017
Facebooks culture war. What do I do lord? What do I do lord? You know, Ive had people hate me in the past. Because of the hateful posts and  comments I made, they thought Ive been a horrible person. Hated people. Ive had people ask why  Ive done what Ive done what theyve asked is curious. Is it because Ive  had sexual experiences that led me to commit certain crimes, or is it  all the same story? I cant remember the first reason. Theories have lain  silent. For weeks weaved through the collective memory loss of #FreeSpeech activists to come up with  #1a #FreeAlexJones   #FreeAlexJones    #1a #FreeAlexJones
I can go to Mexico and as many as 15 armies are shooting
