======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 reads a character, character, or piece of literature saying the word nazi, this IS evil. It IS criminal. It IS ALL in the name of Allah. "Alex Jones Rants On ‘Islamic Sleeper Cell’ Genghis Khan  and ‘androgyny   2016 #infowars is the latest example of Alex Jones taking a political view and running with it’s anti Russian garbage   2016 #FakeNewsMedia #infowars #1A #USA
Fuck you, Glenn! You'll be forgotten in history!  Stop making fun of us!  We're a bunch of  pseudo leftists taking a stand for free speech!  You'll be worshiped as gods of the modern day left!  We're the future of Wikipedia! You'll be recognized by history  as the enemy of the American dream! &  Trump the lesser of two evils! Deep State & the media
Swedish universities may have banned a conservative news outlet because it advocated same-sex sexual activity, a liberal university in St Paul banned The St Paul Pioneer Press in 2011 because it opposed gay rights, a police watchdog in Portland has said, and a Polish university banned a Polish weekly it opposed to communist rule because it opposed same-gender sexual activity.
The fact that The Daily Show and The Daily Caller (which is different style than The Daily Caller) are owned and operated by people whose opinions are diametrically opposed to free speech is extremely disappointing. The owners of The Daily Show and The Daily Caller (which is different style than The Daily Caller) are intertwined with Hollywood and the tech industry while The Daily Caller is openly gay bashing.
The fact that The Daily Show and The Daily Caller (which is different style than The Daily Caller) are owned and operated by people whose opinions are diametrically opposed to free speech is extremely disappointing. The owners of The Daily Show and The Daily Caller (which is different style than The Daily Caller) are intertwined with Hollywood and the tech industry while The Daily Caller is openly gay bashing.
Piers Dorsey: Documentary Blames Infowars for Unemployment   via:   #opinion Vox Day
Piers Dorsey: Documentary Blames Infowars For Unemployment  June 20, 2017
I never anticipated the neoconservatives taking the lead in pushing for war.  They honestly thought they were going to win this war. Hated us for eight years and wanted to start over again  with  now they think they're winning. They better get used to it. The American people are going to suffer. They better get used to it. The neocons are standing up now. They'll never relinquish the mantle of legitimacy they so desperately craved. Just like the Spanish Inquisition and the Celts weren't toying with the death of the people, they were toying with the immortality of the spirit. This is a people, and this is a species coming together, and whatever group we're fighting about to hell! (Possibly Obama), "I'm Coming for You", February 2012
Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018.
What do I do lord? You think I'm not crazier than Hitler? You think I live in a cave? You were probably thinking, "Get a life-extension machine!" "Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight and Gets His Microchip Fucked", October 13, 2016
As quoted in "Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight And Gets His Microchip Fucked", October 13, 2016
You baby harvesting demon maggots! I'll never back down I'll  never bow to you, I'll be bolder than you be the eternal battle of liberty and the Tyranny of Lincoln! "Alex Jones Breaks Down and Cries', October 13, 2016
"Alex Jones Single-Pressed Censorship Act Violates Embracing Silence", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of Men Has Returned", October 2016
Alex Jones Breaks Down and Cries", October 2016
Jon Stewart, "I'm So Trendy Rant", February 2017
"Alex Jones Changes Tunings To Adder-Free", October 2016
1/100/01:  #AlexJones #1 on #TIME's "What's New" list!  #1horseshit, #infowars coverage! #ListA #Infowars #InfowarsDay  read the post at   
Breaking: YouTube Admits it Is The Left Of The Right In Censorship Of Infowars.   Tune in M F 3pm 6pm central at:    #AlexJonesShow #WednesdayWisdom #infowars #Censorship #infowars #1A   
Must See: Discover The Real Reason Internet Companies Permanently Control Political Speech   Tune in M F 11am 3pm central at:   #AlexJonesShow
